Hey, everyone.
Guess who just walked in?
Olivia.
Today’s poll: Would she ever?
No, she would never; she’s an angel.
I wanted to go up to the girls
and smash their phones.
Neutral?
Ain’t no neutral.
You’re just a coward.
Take your trash.
What I was feeling back then
was just sadness,
never really peace.
Hello, everyone.
Haley from DeNure Design here.
Is there just a little bit of envy in there?
In June of 2018,
a huge group of armed men came to us.
They represented the ideals of my childhood.
Do you have any idea
what this is going to cost us?
I didn’t have a choice.
You went behind my back!
Where’s your mask?
Do you know how many people
have actually gotten sick?
Zero.
That’s what always happens.
When you’re just
about to lose all your strength,
Jehovah does that something for you.
I’m so grateful that we made peace
before the world turned upside down.